# Clone the forked repository to local machine.
# Created a Dockerfile in the root directory of the project.
This Dockerfile uses the OpenJDK 8 image as the base image, copies the JAR file generated by the Maven build to the container, and sets it as the entry point.

# Create a Jenkinsfile in the root directory of the project.
This Jenkinsfile defines a pipeline with four stages: Build, Test, Build Docker Image, 
and Push Docker Image to Registry. 
In the Build stage, the Maven build is executed with the clean and package goals. 
In the Test stage, the Maven tests are executed. 
In the Build Docker Image stage, a Docker image is built with the JAR file and a tag is created with the build number.
In the Push Docker Image to Registry stage, the Docker image is pushed to the Frog Artifactory registry.

# Create a new Jenkins job and configure it with the following settings:

Source Code Management: Git, with the URL of forked repository and the branch to build.
Build Triggers: None (trigger builds manually).
Build Environment: None.
Build: Pipeline script from SCM, with the SCM being Git and the repository URL and branch as */main
Run the Jenkins job and verify that the pipeline executes successfully.

# To obtain Docker Image
use the following commands:
docker pull frog-artifactory.com/petclinic:<BUILD_NUMBER>
docker run -p 8080:8080 frog-artifactory.com/petclinic:<BUILD_NUMBER>

Replace <BUILD_NUMBER> with the actual build number from the Jenkins job. 
The first command pulls the Docker image from the Frog Artifactory registry,
and the second command runs the image and maps the container's port 8080 to the host's port 8080, 
allowing access the application at http://localhost:8080.

